Hello,

 

Job Description & profiles for SMRT.

 

1.1 Scope Inclusions – Collaboration with Purchasing on Sourcing / Resourcing

1.1.1 Resourcing Workflow Management (RWM): 

Get Green & Brown field suppliers from GCST for the resourcing action.
Engage with suppliers to establish and onboard suppliers for MP&L systems and process.
Visit to supplier site as required.
Attend weekly meetings conducted by Purchase and highlight any issues and seek support if required.
Trigger Resourcing check list in SuperG (similar to the Launch Readiness Checklist in Super G).
Follow-up with suppliers to complete the check list assessment and validate.
Provide input to Purchase during sourcing and highlight critical suppliers (Prod loss / prem. Freight / 6MWA<81)
Update and Track Master file with issues, action plan and closing status.
 

1.1.2 Sourcing:

Get the suppliers list from purchase during PS/PSC milestone for the program.
Review the list and identify suppliers are new or carry over.
Assess carry over supplier performance. 
Prepare and share one pager for the critical suppliers and highlight risk for sourcing in the area of Delivery, Prem. Freight, Prod. Loss, Contribution margin, Q1 & Stability claims.
Recommend source change based on the identified issues and risk to the production through MP&L Leadership.
 

1.1.3 – Key Performance Indicators

CSM: Turn Supplier status into Green for the MP&L issues.
RIB: Turn Green on or before resourcing supplier implementation date
Sourcing: Influence and change min. 1% of total carry over suppliers for the program
 

1.2 Scope Inclusions – Launch Readiness Review (LRR)

Trigger LRR through SuperG online / SuperG communication based on the below defined category on weekly (Monday) basis.
Onsite New Suppliers – SuperG online
Desktop New Tool / Part – SuperG communication (Update Ford contacts manually)
Conduct LRR training to the targeted suppliers on weekly basis.
Schedule meeting with Suppliers to review the self-assessment status.
Create SharePoint folder for each supplier to update evidence documents.
Review all the key questionnaire and related evidence with suppliers.
Identify gaps, action plan and target date for the open items (Yellow / Red)
Visit supplier site to review critical open items.
Update Health chart report for each program (Yellow & Red) and highlight issues & support required throughout the week (Mon to Thu)
Update Health chart with Improvement Road Map for C/o supplier with 6MWA<81
Review Health Chart with Supervisor for each program on weekly basis
Continue to work with suppliers to close all Open issues (Yellow / Red) on or before MP2 milestone.
Escalate to CFT & Leadership if need any support during various meetings.
Document and communicate the supply chain pain points gathered during the DCV build so that launch readiness review for critical suppliers could be strategized during the pre-builds.
Collaborate with N-Tier team within MP&L to ensure multi-tier supplier readiness for all scales of programs.
Conduct supplier surveys for new model programs, plant capacity uplifts and shift additions to ensure supply chain issues are caught upfront and communicated with cross functional teams for resolution.
Track and report part supportability issues for functionally rejected / design aim parts impacting MP2 start and ramp up.
 

1.2.1 – Key Performance Indicators

Trigger LRR assessment to all suppliers on or before 3 months to TT
Complete LRR evidence review by 30days prior to MP1 and identify Open issues (Yellow & Red)
LRR status 100% Green by MP2
Job 1 Engineering Implementation (WERS Concerns) supplier supportability confirmation for MP2 and beyond.
Non-Phase 3 PPAP Supplier Supportability confirmation for ramp up acceleration curve collaborating with CFT (STA/Purchasing/CST)
 

1.3 Scope Inclusions – Critical Supplier Management (CSM)

Identify Critical suppliers by using below inputs / reports,
Production Alert Notification sent by PLM.
Production Loss caused by suppliers in an immediate month.
Executive summary sent by PLM.
Visit to supplier site to identify issues, root cause, action plan and date to green. 
Physical validation of the action plan and follow-up with suppliers until get closed.
Track and monitor delivery rating score for next 8 weeks and handover to SDPR once supplier improved month score >81.
Escalate and seek support from the CFT for any gating issues.
Represent DPP meeting while onsite.             
Prepare one pager summary report and circulate to MP&L leadership.
Update and track status in SuperG under supplier information
1.3.1 – Key Performance Indicators

Onsite assessment report with roadmap and Date to Green
Ensure production continuity collaborating with CFT (STA/PUR/CST)
 

 

1.4 Scope Inclusions – SDPR (Supplier Delivery Performance Rating) Improvements

Identify & prioritize low Delivery Performance suppliers and define Critical / Non-Critical based on the below,
Download list of suppliers 6MWA<81 from Super G
Get input from Plant MP&L for the critical or pain point suppliers.
Analyze DPR (Daily Production Report) for repetitive production loss made by suppliers.
Understand trouble some suppliers from Proto team where supplier not performing during DCV builds (Proto Builds)
Get input from CST (Critical Supplier Team) for list of suppliers critical to the plant operations.
Analyze high hurt premium freight suppliers.
Conduct Detailed Training to suppliers on Delivery Rating elements (Quarterly)
Schedule a meeting with suppliers & include STA/PUR if required to detail out root cause, action plan and target date for each poor delivery elements.
Work with suppliers until all action items closed and 6MWA improved >81.
Work with FNA SMRT team and seek onsite visit to supplier plant for validating the action plan.
Escalate to STA/PUR during weekly Governance meeting to seek support for Non Q1 suppliers.
Work closely with CST members to avoid any duplication of working with same suppliers for same issues.
Analyze the action plan and timing to recommend Override or Revoke Q1 of suppliers.
Update and Track supplier monthly delivery performance in the master tracker and report out monthly KPI status to management / leadership.
1.4.1 – Key Performance Indicators

No: of Suppliers to be improved 6MWA >= 81 – 100/yr.
 

Supplier Premium Freight Improvement by 10% compared to premium for prior year.
 

10% reduction in Contribution Margin impact driven by production loss.
 

1.5 Scope Inclusions – MMOG Endorsement

Set target sites for endorsement every year Q4 along with STA organization and based on upcoming launches.
Establish high level timing plan to meet the target with each process milestone.
Arrange and conduct training for suppliers on MMOG and Delivery rating modules.
Perform MMOG endorsement as per the step-by-step process laid by Ford SMRT and meet the given target for every year.
Work with SMRT team in strengthening

 

 

 

THANKS & REGARDS,

SB Vignesh

HR Executive (Recruitment)

SACHA Engineering.

We. Add. Value.

Cell- 9003330704

www.sacha.engineering

 

Disclaimer
This e-mail contains confidential and/or legally protected information. If you have received this e-mail by mistake from SACHA, please inform the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, as well as any unauthorized transmission of information in whole or in part of this e-mail is strictly forbidden. Due to the fact that e-mails, which are sent via the internet, can be manipulated or created by an invalid name, any e-mail sent by us is in principle not a legally binding declaration of intent.